Adds Quay 3.8 EAP features (#490)
quay/quay-docs: early_access/master.adoc

* Prior to version 2.9.2, the product was referred to as Quay Enterprise
endif::downstream[]

include::modules/rn_3_80.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

////
[id="quay-config-fields-38"]
== Configuration field updates 
////

include::modules/config-updates-38.adoc[New configuration fields]

////
[id='quay-release-notes']
== {productname} 3.7 Release Notes

{productname} is regularly released, containing new features, bug fixes, and software updates.

> We highly recommend deploying the latest version of {productname}.

Reviewer: See "recommend" in SSG https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_r

I am not sure if this is the case for quay, but you could say something like (you could probably come up with something better than me here:
```suggestion
Deploy the latest version of {productname} to ensure you are using the latest features, bug fixes, and software updates.
```

Author: Good catch. This was one of those "copy-overs".

ifdef::downstream[]

> For {productname} documentation, you should know that:

Reviewer: I would recommend omitting that last bit just for clarity. I know that `should` is a "maybe" word in the ISG so you could just remove it entirely. Up to you!

```suggestion
For {productname} documentation:
```

Author: Same thing here (just copied it over).
